Part One: Solidify Terminology
1. What is HTTP?
	Hypertext Transfer Protocol is used to send and receive requests 	and responses between web servers and clients.
2. What is a URL?
	Uniform Resource Locator is a string of characters that provides a way to identify and locate a resource on the internet.
3. What is DNS?
	Short for Domain Name System, this is a system that takes human-readable URLs and converts them into IP addresses.
4. What is a query string?
	A query string is a part of a URL that contains data to be passed to a web server as a series of key-value pairs. The query string is appended to the end of the URL after a question mark (?), and each key-value pair is separated by an ampersand (&).
5. What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
	Two commonly used HTTP verbs are GET and POST. GET is used to request a resource from a web server. POST is used to submit data to a web server to create or update a resource. 
6. What is an HTTP request?
	An HTTP request is a message sent by a client to a web server, requesting that the server perform a certain action or provide a certain resource.
7. What is an HTTP response?
	An HTTP response is a message sent by a web server to a client in response to an HTTP request. It contains the status of the requested resource or action, as well as any data or resources that are returned to the client.
8. What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
	Headers provide additional information about the request or the response. Here are some examples:
- Request headers: User-Agent, Accept, Cookie, Authorization
- Response headers: Content-Type, Location, Set-Cookie, Cache-Control
9. What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
	1. The browser sends a DNS query to resolve the domain name "somesite.com" into an IP address.
	2. The browser sends an HTTP request to the server for the resource located at "/some/page.html" on the somesite.com domain.
	3. The server receives the HTTP request, processes it, and generates an HTTP response that includes the requested resource.
	4. The server sends the HTTP response containing the requested resource back to the browser
	5. The browser receives the HTTP response and renders the content of the page, including any HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other resources included in the response.

Part Two: Practice Tools
1. Using curl, make a GET request to the icanhazdadjoke.com API to find all jokes involving the word “pirate”.
	curl -H "Accept: text/plain" "https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate" 
2. Use dig to find what the IP address is for icanhazdadjoke.com
	dig icanhazdadjoke.com +short